README.md, before:

# Reinforcement Learning - Learning how to play Flappy Bird in PyTorch

##### Dependencies:
* Python 3.6.5
* pygame 1.9.3
* torch 0.4.0

##### How to run:
* Run `python dqn.py test` to run pretrained neural network model.
* Run `python dqn.py train` to train the model from the beginning. You can also increase FPS in game/flappy_bird.py script for faster training.

References:
* https://github.com/sourabhv/FlapPyBird
* https://github.com/yenchenlin/DeepLearningFlappyBird -> modified FlapPyBird game engine adjusted for reinforcement learning is used from this TensorFlow project
* https://ai.intel.com/demystifying-deep-reinforcement-learning/
* https://www.cs.toronto.edu/~vmnih/docs/dqn.pdf
* https://storage.googleapis.com/deepmind-media/dqn/DQNNaturePaper.pdf
* http://cs229.stanford.edu/proj2015/362_report.pdf
* https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Convolutional_neural_network
* https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reinforcement_learning
* https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Markov_decision_process
* http://www0.cs.ucl.ac.uk/staff/d.silver/web/Teaching.html
* https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flappy_Bird
* https://pytorch.org/

Commit message:

Add link to blog article

README.md, after:

# Reinforcement Learning - Learning how to play Flappy Bird in PyTorch

This sample is published as part of the corresponding blog article at https://www.toptal.com/deep-learning/pytorch-reinforcement-learning-tutorial
 
Visit https://www.toptal.com/blog and subscribe to our newsletter to read great posts!

##### Dependencies:
* Python 3.6.5
* pygame 1.9.3
* torch 0.4.0

##### How to run:
* Run `python dqn.py test` to run pretrained neural network model.
* Run `python dqn.py train` to train the model from the beginning. You can also increase FPS in game/flappy_bird.py script for faster training.

References:
* https://github.com/sourabhv/FlapPyBird
* https://github.com/yenchenlin/DeepLearningFlappyBird -> modified FlapPyBird game engine adjusted for reinforcement learning is used from this TensorFlow project
* https://ai.intel.com/demystifying-deep-reinforcement-learning/
* https://www.cs.toronto.edu/~vmnih/docs/dqn.pdf
* https://storage.googleapis.com/deepmind-media/dqn/DQNNaturePaper.pdf
* http://cs229.stanford.edu/proj2015/362_report.pdf
* https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Convolutional_neural_network
* https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reinforcement_learning
* https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Markov_decision_process
* http://www0.cs.ucl.ac.uk/staff/d.silver/web/Teaching.html
* https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flappy_Bird
* https://pytorch.org/
